Create cf-1557B.mdx (#2096)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/cf-1557B.mdx

---
id: cf-1557B
source: CF
title: Moamen and k-subarrays
author: Aadit Ambadkar
---

[Official Analysis (C++)](https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/93703)

## Solution

Consider the minimum number of needed subarrays. If this number is less than or equal to $k$ it is solvable using $k$ subarrays.

> To find the minimum number of subarrays, consider a configuration of subarrays where the number of subarrays is minimal. (Remember that the subarrays must be contiguous)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the minimum number of subarrays, we can look for configuration of subarrays where the number of subarrays is minimal. (Remember that the subarrays must be contiguous)
```
said consider three times :0

> Specifically, in this configuration, consider a single subarray. The order of the elements inside the subarray never change, so the order of the elements inside the subarray is the same before and after reording the subarrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, in this configuration, picture a single subarray. The order of the elements inside the subarray never change, so the order of the elements inside the subarray is the same before and after reordering the subarrays.
```
typo

> This means that if we know the order of the sorted elements before-hand, we can apply a greedy algorithm which tries to maximize the size of the previous subarray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if we know the order of the sorted elements beforehand, we can apply a greedy algorithm which tries to maximize the size of the previous subarray.
```

			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th>4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Index:</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800">0</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">1</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th className="bg-blue-100 dark:bg-blue-800">4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

Thus, we need 4 subarrays at minimum.

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$

<Spoiler title="Time Complexity Proof">
Sorting Requires $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$, and repeated map insertions also require $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$. Hence the overall time complexity is $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$.
</Spoiler>
	
<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
 
void solve() {
	int n, k; cin >> n >> k;

> 	int arr[n];

Reviewer 2: variable length arrays are not c++ standard, change to constant size

	int sarr[n];
	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
		cin >> arr[i];
		sarr[i] = arr[i];
	}
	map<int, int> next;  // Map from one value to the value after it in the sorted array
	sort(sarr, sarr + n);
	for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {

> 		next[sarr[i]]=sarr[i+1];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		next[sarr[i]] = sarr[i + 1];
```

	}

> 	next[sarr[n-1]] = INT32_MAX;  // Ridiculously Large Number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	next[sarr[n - 1]] = INT32_MAX;  // Ridiculously Large Number
```

	int ans = 1;
	for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {
		// If the previous element in the unsorted array is not the same 
		// as the previous element in the sorted array, we need at least 1 more segment

> 		if (next[arr[i-1]]!=arr[i]) ans++; 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		if (next[arr[i - 1]] != arr[i]) ans++; 
```

	}
	cout << (ans <= k ? "YES" : "NO") << endl;
}
 
int main() {
	ios::sync_with_stdio(0); 
	cin.tie(0);
	int t; 
	cin >> t; 
	while (t--) solve();
}
```
</CPPSection>
<JavaSection>
```java
import java.io.*;
import java.util.*;

public class MoamenSubarrays {

> 	public static void main (String[] args) throws IOException {

Reviewer 2: is `throws IOException` needed?

Author: Yup. br.readline() throws an IOException.

			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Index:</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800">0</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">1</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th className="bg-blue-100 dark:bg-blue-800">4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

Thus, we need 4 subarrays at minimum.

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$

<Spoiler title="Time Complexity Proof">
Sorting Requires $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$, and repeated map insertions also require $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$. Hence the overall time complexity is $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$.
</Spoiler>
	
<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

typedef long long ll;
#define pb push_back
#define FF first
#define SS second
 
void solve() {
	int n, k; cin >> n >> k;
	int arr[n];
	int sarr[n];
	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
		cin >> arr[i];
		sarr[i] = arr[i];
	}

> 	map<int, int> next; // Map from one value to the value after it in the sorted array

Reviewer 3: same policy w/ comments here - 2 spaces after the actual line of code
also line length? did you check?

	sort(sarr, sarr + n);
	for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
		next[sarr[i]]=sarr[i+1];
	}

> 	next[sarr[n-1]] = 1000000007; // Ridiculously Large Number

Reviewer 3: comment thing

	int ans = 1;
	for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {
		// If the previous element in the unsorted array is not the same 
		// as the previous element in the sorted array, we need at least 1 more segment
		if (next[arr[i-1]]!=arr[i]) ans++; 
	}
	cout << (ans <= k ? "YES" : "NO") << endl;
}
 
int main() {
	ios::sync_with_stdio(0); cin.tie(0);
	int t; cin >> t; while (t--) solve();
}
```
</CPPSection>
<JavaSection>
```java
import java.io.*;
import java.util.*;

public class MoamenSubarrays {
	public static void main (String[] args) throws IOException {
		BufferedReader f = new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(System.in));
		StringTokenizer st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
	
		int testNum = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
		for (int t = 0; t < testNum; t++) {
			st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
			int n = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
			int k = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
			
			int[] arr = new int[n];
			int[] sarr = new int[n];
	
			st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
			for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
				arr[i] = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
				sarr[i] = arr[i];
			}
			Arrays.sort(sarr);
					      

> 			TreeMap<Integer, Integer> next = new TreeMap<>(); // Map from one value to the value after it in the sorted array

Reviewer 3: comment thing + line length

			for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
				next.put(sarr[i], sarr[i + 1]);
			}

> 			next.put(sarr[n - 1], (int) 1e9);

Reviewer 3: again, if you're really against using Integer.MAX_VALUE, make a constant LARGE or something

Author: Changed everything to max value

			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th>4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Index:</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800">0</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">1</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th className="bg-blue-100 dark:bg-blue-800">4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

Thus, we need 4 subarrays at minimum.

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$

<Spoiler title="Time Complexity Proof">
Sorting Requires $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$, and repeated map insertions also require $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$. Hence the overall time complexity is $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$.
</Spoiler>
	
<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>

> using namespace::std;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
using namespace std;
```

typedef long long ll;
#define pb push_back
#define fastio ios::sync_with_stdio(0); cin.tie(0)
#define MOD 1000000007
#define FF first

> #define SS second

Reviewer 3: can you pplease not use these macros

Author: These are allowed though... I thought they were according to the guide for macros

Reviewer 3: the fastio one (along with the mod) isn't

Author: Fixed

 
void solve() {
	int n, k; cin >> n >> k;
	int arr[n];
	int sarr[n];
	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
		cin >> arr[i];
		sarr[i] = arr[i];
	}

> 	map<int, int> next;

Reviewer 3: add some short comments here
yes ik the editorial explains it but some people have a hard time mapping the explanation from the editorial to the actual implementation in the code

Author: Done

	sort(sarr, sarr + n);
	for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
		next[sarr[i]]=sarr[i+1];
	}

> 	next[sarr[n-1]] = MOD; // Ridiculously Large Number

Reviewer 3: why not just INT32_MAX, it's more explicit

Author: Generally it is not advisable to use INT_MAX as that could lead to overflow errors

Reviewer 3: but what are you doing that could lead to overflow in the first place?

Author: Similar to not using next in python, it is just not advisable, even if nothing could cause it.

Reviewer 3: alright then don't use `MOD` because that's, for, well, mods.
use a `const int LARGE = 2e9;` and use that, adding a comment

Author: Anyways I changed it. Its a USACO thing, I don't have the link but I remember seeing it.

	int ans = 1;
	for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {
		if (next[arr[i-1]]!=arr[i]) ans++;
	}
	if (ans <= k) cout << "YES\n";
	else cout << "NO\n";
}
 
int main() {
	fastio;
	int t; cin >> t; while (t--) solve();
}
```
</CPPSection>
<JavaSection>
```java
import java.io.*;
import java.util.*;

> public class scrap {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

public class MoamenSubarrays {
```

Author: That was me coding a java solution very quickly. I did test it and it works

	public static void main (String[] args) throws IOException {
		BufferedReader f = new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(System.in));
		StringTokenizer st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
	

> 		int t = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
> 		while (t-->0) {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		int testNum = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
		for (int t = 0; t < testNum; t++) {
```

			st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
			int n = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
			int k = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
			
			int[] arr = new int[n];
			int[] sarr = new int[n];
	
			st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
			for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
				arr[i] = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
				sarr[i] = arr[i];
			}
			Arrays.sort(sarr);
					      
			TreeMap<Integer, Integer> next = new TreeMap<>();
			for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
				next.put(sarr[i], sarr[i + 1]);
			}
			next.put(sarr[n - 1], (int) 1e9);
								       
			int ans = 1;
			for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {
				if (next.get(arr[i - 1]) != arr[i]) ans++;
			}
	
			if (ans <= k) System.out.println("YES");
			else System.out.println("NO");
		}
	}
}

```
</JavaSection>
	
<PySection>
```python
for _ in range(int(input())):
	n, k = map(int, input().split())
	arr = list(map(int, input().split()))

	sarr = arr.copy()
	sarr.sort()
	
	next = {}
	for i in range(n - 1):
		next[sarr[i]] = sarr[i + 1]
	
	next[sarr[n - 1]] = int(1e9)
	ans = 1
	for i in range(1, n):
		if next[arr[i - 1]] != arr[i]:
			ans+=1

> 	if ans <= k:
> 		print("YES")
> 	else:
> 		print("NO")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	print("YES" if ans <= k else "NO")
```

			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th>4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Index:</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800">0</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">1</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th className="bg-blue-100 dark:bg-blue-800">4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

Thus, we need 4 subarrays at minimum.

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$

<Spoiler title="Time Complexity Proof">
Sorting Requires $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$, and repeated map insertions also require $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$. Hence the overall time complexity is $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$.
</Spoiler>
	
<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

> 
> typedef long long ll;
> #define pb push_back
> #define FF first
> #define SS second

Reviewer 3: hold on you aren't even using these macros
```suggestion
```

> 	int arr[(int)1e5+5];
> 	int sarr[(int)1e5+5];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	int arr[(int)1e5 + 5];
	int sarr[(int)1e5 + 5];
```

#define FF first
#define SS second
 
void solve() {
	int n, k; cin >> n >> k;
	int arr[n];
	int sarr[n];
	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
		cin >> arr[i];
		sarr[i] = arr[i];
	}
	map<int, int> next; // Map from one value to the value after it in the sorted array
	sort(sarr, sarr + n);
	for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
		next[sarr[i]]=sarr[i+1];
	}
	next[sarr[n-1]] = MOD; // Ridiculously Large Number
	int ans = 1;
	for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {

> 		// If the previous element in the unsorted array is not the same as the previous element in the sorted array, we need at least 1 more segment

Reviewer 3: uh line length?

Author: Done (I think

		if (next[arr[i-1]]!=arr[i]) ans++; 
	}

> 	if (ans <= k) cout << "YES\n";
> 	else cout << "NO\n";

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	cout << (ans <= k ? "YES" : "NO") << endl;
```

int main() {
	ios::sync_with_stdio(0); cin.tie(0);

> 	int t; cin >> t; while (t--) solve();

Reviewer 3: statements on one line
also a for loop would be really, really nice

Author: while(t--) is incredibly common. If you check any C++ solution with testcases on CF you are most likely going to find a while loop.

Reviewer 3: that still doen't mean it's good

Author: I don't see why it shouldn't be used...

}
```
</CPPSection>
<JavaSection>
```java
import java.io.*;
import java.util.*;

public class MoamenSubarrays {
	public static void main (String[] args) throws IOException {
		BufferedReader f = new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(System.in));
		StringTokenizer st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
	
		int testNum = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
		for (int t = 0; t < testNum; t++) {
			st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
			int n = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
			int k = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
			
			int[] arr = new int[n];
			int[] sarr = new int[n];
	
			st = new StringTokenizer(f.readLine());
			for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
				arr[i] = Integer.parseInt(st.nextToken());
				sarr[i] = arr[i];
			}
			Arrays.sort(sarr);
	
			// Map from one value to the value after it in the sorted array
			TreeMap<Integer, Integer> next = new TreeMap<>(); 

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

			for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
				next.put(sarr[i], sarr[i + 1]);
			}
			next.put(sarr[n - 1], (int) 1e9);
								       
			int ans = 1;
			for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {

> 				// If the previous element in the unsorted array is not the same as the previous element in the sorted array, we need at least 1 more segment

Reviewer 3: line length
```java
/*
 * remember to style multiline
 * comments something like this
 */
```

				if (next.get(arr[i - 1]) != arr[i]) ans++;
			}

> 	
> 			if (ans <= k) System.out.println("YES");
> 			else System.out.println("NO");

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			System.out.println(ans <= k ? "YES" : "NO");
```

		}
	}
}

```
</JavaSection>
	
<PySection>
```python
for _ in range(int(input())):
	n, k = map(int, input().split())
	arr = list(map(int, input().split()))

	sarr = arr.copy()
	sarr.sort()
	

> 	next = {} # Map (dict) from one value to the value after it in the sorted array

Reviewer 3: ok so for these inline comments, it's the convention the leave two spaces after the line of code then put the comment
so
```suggestion
	next = {}  # Map (dict) from one value to the value after it in the sorted array
```
also it's generally unadvisable to name a variable that overrides a builtin function even if you aren't using it

Author: Oh yeah forgot about next 😐

		after[sarr[i]] = sarr[i + 1]
	

> 	after[sarr[n - 1]] = int(1e9)

Reviewer 3: python has `float('inf')` just so you know

Author: hm but the dict shouldn't store floats...

Reviewer 3: python's dynamically typed

	next[sarr[n - 1]] = int(1e9)
	ans = 1
	for i in range(1, n):
		if next[arr[i - 1]] != arr[i]:

> 			# If the previous element in the unsorted array is not the same as the previous element in the sorted array, we need at least 1 more segment

Reviewer 3: line length
```py
"""
in python you style your multiline
comments like this
"""
```

> 			ans+=1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			ans += 1
```

---
id: cf-1557B
source: CF
title: Moamen and k-subarrays
author: Aadit Ambadkar
---

> [Official Analysis](https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/93538)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Official Analysis (C++)](https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/93703)
```
fix link and add lang

## Solution

> Consider the minimum number of needed subarrays. If this number is less than or equal to $k$ it is solvable using k subarrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the minimum number of needed subarrays. If this number is less than or equal to $k$ it is solvable using $k$ subarrays.
```

			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">1</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th>4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

<center>
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<th>Index:</th>
			<th className="bg-yellow-100 dark:bg-yellow-800">0</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">1</th>
			<th className="bg-green-100 dark:bg-green-800">2</th>
			<th className="bg-red-100 dark:bg-red-800">3</th>
			<th className="bg-blue-100 dark:bg-blue-800">4</th>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>$\texttt{arr}[i]$</td>
			<td>6</td>
			<td>3</td>
			<td>4</td>
			<td>2</td>
			<td>1</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>
</center>

Thus, we need 4 subarrays at minimum.

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$

<Spoiler title="Time Complexity Proof">
Sorting Requires $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$, and repeated map insertions also require $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$. Hence the overall time complexity is $\mathcal{O}(N\log N)$.

> </Spoiler>

Reviewer: is this spoiler necessary?

Author: It makes it look better. But I can't even see the output because it is not coming up in the search bar. If you check the deployment and search for it in the problems tab, it doesn't come up and I don't know why

	
<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace::std;

typedef long long ll;
#define F0R(i, n) for (int i = 0; i < n; i++)
#define R0F(i, n) for (int i = n-1; i >= 0; i--)
#define FOR(i, a, n) for (int i = a; i < n; i++)
#define pb push_back
#define fastio ios::sync_with_stdio(0); cin.tie(0)
#define MOD 1000000007
#define FF first

> #define SS second

Reviewer: remove some of these macros, see [usaco guide's macro guidelines](https://usaco.guide/general/adding-solution?lang=cpp#templatemacro-guidelines)

Author: Done (I think)

Author: Wait the guidelines for the macros is wrong. The template has an error...

 
void solve() {
	int n, k; cin >> n >> k;
	int arr[n];
	int sarr[n];
	F0R(i, n) {
		cin >> arr[i];

> 		sarr[i]=arr[i];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		sarr[i] = arr[i];
```

	}
	map<int, int> next;

> 	sort(sarr, sarr+n);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	sort(sarr, sarr + n);
```

> 	F0R(i, n-1) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	F0R(i, n - 1) {
```
whitespace here

		next[sarr[i]]=sarr[i+1];
	}
	next[sarr[n-1]]=MOD; // Ridiculously Large Number
	int ans = 1;
	FOR(i, 1, n) {
		if (next[arr[i-1]]!=arr[i]) ans++;
	}
	if (ans<=k) cout << "YES\n";

> 	else cout << "NO\n";

Reviewer: add whitespace between operators and control statements for the rest of the code. (see below)

```cpp
// whitespace between operators
next[sarr[n - 1]] = MOD;
```

```cpp
// spaces between control statements
if (conditional) {

}
```

Author: Done

	next[sarr[n-1]] = MOD; // Ridiculously Large Number
	int ans = 1;
	for (int i = 1; i < n; i++) {
		// If the previous element in the unsorted array is not the same 

> 		// as the previous element in the sorted array, we need at least 1 more segment

Reviewer 3: ```cpp
/*
 * remember to style multiline
 * comments something like this
 */
```

Author: For 2 lines it is simpler tonot use /* * */

Reviewer 3: actually yeah nvm
